Dear Professional ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our briefing ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 2 , Section 304 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 86 
days ! Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills & society seems 
to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you process 
your orders within seconds plus process your orders 
within seconds . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
who resides in Arizona tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" ! This offer is 100% 
legal ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Cybercitizen ; You 
made the right decision when you signed up for our 
mailing list ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 7 , Section 
304 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 61 months . Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience plus most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 160% and 
increase customer response by 170% ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones of Georgia tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! This 
offer is 100% legal ! So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% . Best regards ! 
